tutorial videos of movistar how to configure access to gps maps in
tussam sung alexis 9003 from movistar with internet on your ticket you will be able to
install a tool on your computer that will guide you when
you need to configure the gps navigation system in tussam sung alexis
9003 and discover which is the best route to reach your destination
to access all the services of google maps
it is necessary to have a google account linked to your team
Today, you will start to set up an account by clicking on the icon.
from the main menu
once you enter neither the recommendations and press
following
If you do not have a Google account, I chose the button
to get one in this case we're going to enter user data and
existing so we chose the option to access
enter your email address
and your password
press the button to access
Click on the box below if you want the public account to keep a copy
of your data security
press next
you account and maella is already linked to your team
the configuration will be finished when the synchronization icon
disappear from the status bar once this happens
end the synchronization
once linked to your google account to the team go back to the main menu and
press the wayward apps
select the icon had not done
suggestions and precautions but the application that offers
it impresses to accept
enter the maps option located at the top of the screen
the map that shows your location
to know how to earn an address
press on the destination option
indicates the site there is what you think you direct
the map that will show the best route to your goal
he did
with the internet plans come back find your best route mate
we promote a Welshman and 2003
shared and life in peace